Enabled support for nested block quotes (#9382)
ckeditor/ckeditor5: docs/builds/guides/migration/migration-to-28.0.0.md

Prior to version 28.0.0 inserting a table into another table was not allowed.

If you wish to bring back this restriction see {@link features/table#disallowing-nesting-tables "Disallowing nesting tables"}.

## Disallowing nesting block quotes

> CKEditor v28.0.0 supports a block quote inserted into another block quote.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prior to version 28.0.0 inserting block quote into a block quote was not allowed.
```
